README.md, before:

# Socket-C

## Overview

Socket-C is a repository designed for learning socket programming in C, using the Winsock2 library. It demonstrates network communication through two multiplayer games: Blackjack and Rock-Paper-Scissors. By simulating interactions across multiple computers, Socket-C provides a hands-on approach to understanding socket programming concepts.

## Features

- Multiplayer support for up to 4 players
- Real-time game state updates between clients
- Color-coded terminal output for improved readability
- Practical demonstrations of essential socket programming concepts

## Games

- Blackjack ♠♥
- Rock-Paper-Scissors 🪨📃✂

## Prerequisites

- **Windows OS**
- **Microsoft Visual Studio** or any C compiler supporting Winsock2 (e.g., GCC with MinGW)
- Basic understanding of C and network programming concepts

## Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the Repository:**

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Socket-C.git
   cd Socket-C
   ```

2. **Build the Files:**

   For Windows (using GCC):

   ```sh
   gcc -o server server.c -lws2_32
   gcc -o client client.c -lws2_32
   ```

3. **Run the Executables:**

   - **For Command Prompt:**

     ```sh
     ./server
     ./client
     ```

   - **For PowerShell:**

     ```sh
     ./server
     ./client
     ```

## Notes

- Ensure your firewall allows communication for the server and client programs to work correctly.
- All players should be on the same network unless port forwarding is configured for remote connections.

This final version tightens up some wording and aligns well with your original intent.

Commit message:

Add template directory for socket programming projects in README

README.md, after:

# Socket-C

## Overview

Socket-C is a repository designed for learning socket programming in C, using the Winsock2 library. It demonstrates network communication through two multiplayer games: Blackjack and Rock-Paper-Scissors. By simulating interactions across multiple computers, Socket-C provides a hands-on approach to understanding socket programming concepts.

## Features

- Multiplayer support for up to 4 players
- Real-time game state updates between clients
- Color-coded terminal output for improved readability
- Practical demonstrations of essential socket programming concepts

## Games

- Blackjack ♠♥
- Rock-Paper-Scissors 🪨📃✂

## Prerequisites

- **Windows OS**
- **Microsoft Visual Studio** or any C compiler supporting Winsock2 (e.g., GCC with MinGW)
- Basic understanding of C and network programming concepts

## Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the Repository:**

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Socket-C.git
   cd Socket-C
   ```

2. **Build the Files:**

   For Windows (using GCC):

   ```sh
   gcc -o server server.c -lws2_32
   gcc -o client client.c -lws2_32
   ```

3. **Run the Executables:**

   - **For Command Prompt:**

     ```sh
     ./server
     ./client
     ```

   - **For PowerShell:**

     ```sh
     ./server
     ./client
     ```

## Template Directory

I've also added a `template` directory for you to create your own socket programming projects. This serves as your starting point or boilerplate in C socket programming.

## Notes

- Ensure your firewall allows communication for the server and client programs to work correctly.
- All players should be on the same network unless port forwarding is configured for remote connections.
